
Events in the chronological order:

October 10, 2013
Determination of Tariff for grid interactive solar power plants including rooftop and small solar Photo voltaic power plants

Is this Order applicable?
Yes, Petitioner has signed PPA with GESCOM as per the tariff given in this order.

Validity of the PPA: 25 years
Format 6 has been issued by the GESCOM which clearly states that Petitioner should construct the building within one year from the date of signing PPA.

February 15, 2016
Petitioner submits application for power supply connection and application for installation of solar rooftop power generation.

March 11, 2016
Petitioner signs PPA with GESCOM for 25 years.

May 2, 2016
KERC releases new tariff order for rooftop projects.
Is this tariff applicable? 
No, Petitioner has signed PPA on March 11, 2016.
Remarks: KERC clarifies that new tariff is applicable for PPAs signed after May 1, 2016.

July 28 2016
GESCOM issues PPA termination letter without giving 30 day notice breaching the agreement terms.

September 6, 2016
Petitioner responds to the cancellation letter seeking the reasons for cancellation of PPA and requesting to recall termination.
No response so far from GESCOM to this letter.


----------------------------------
RESPONDENTS
Gulbarga Electricity Supply Company (GESCOM)
O&M Division, Bellary
REP By: Executive Engineer(Elec),

Gulbarga Electricity Supply Company (GESCOM)
Corporate Office, Station Road, Kalaburagi - 585102 Karnataka

Other respondents
same as given in the copy

Synopsis
Petioner files an application with GESCOM to install rooftop solar power plant. 
Following GESCOM officials conduct site inspection to check the feasibility of solar power installation:
Executive Engineer, Electrical, O&M Division, Bellary
Assistant Executive Engineer, Rural Sub-Division, Bellary
Section Officier, Rural Sub-Division, Bellary

GESCOM enters into power purchase agreement with the Petioner after completing due inspections.







to  Petioner enters into power purchase agreement 

